                                  Assignment-1

1.WAP to enter two integer from the keyboard and perform all the arithmetic 
operations on them.

2. WAP to enter three sides of a tringle. Find out the area of the tringle

3. WAP to enter an integer number and find out its binary, octal and hexadecimal 
equivalents.

4.WAP to enter the coefficients of a quadratic equation and findout the roots of the 
equivalent

5.WAP to enter a temperature in farenheite and convert it into celsiuss

6.WAP to convert distance in meters to Kilometers

7. WAP to enter time in minutes and print it in hour and minute format

                                   Assignment-2

1. WAP to enter a percentage and display the gradation system

2. WAP to enter a 5 digit number and print the digits present at odd locations.v

3. WAP to enter a number and check wheather it is a palindrome number or not.

4. WAP to enter a number and check whether the number is perfect number or not.

5. WAP to enter a string and print print the no of vowels and consonant present in it.

6. WAP to enter a 3 digit number and print all the prime factors of the number.
                
                                     Assignment-3
1.WAP to check the given two numbers are Twin prime no or not.
2.WAP to find the factorial of a number.
3.WAP to check the leap year
4.WAP to check whether the string is palindrome or not.
5.WAP to print even length words in a string.
6.WAP to remove all duplicates from a given string.
                                
                                Assignment-4
1.WAP to print the second largest and second smallest element in a list of 10 integers 
without using sort function.
2.WAP to create two lists first list containing 5 integers and second list containing 5 
strings.print both the lists one element from each list combined at a time.
3.WAP to create an integer list of 20 elements increase the odd valued elements by 5.
4.WAP to create a function that prints the first 15 terms of the fibonacci series without 
using recursion.
5.WAP to create a function that takes list as argument and returns the even values of 
the list.Print the new list with even values.
6.WAP to calculate factorial of a number using recursion





       

